1) What do the programs (see Assignements - Instructions in French.pdf) display? (The header lines and braces may be omitted.)

2) What do the programs  (see Assignements - Instructions in French.pdf) do when they are given the values 2 and 6?

3) What do the programs (see Assignements - Instructions in French.pdf) do? For example, if the user enters the values 2 and 5.

4) Complete the following program so that the values displayed are the ones entered by the user, but in reverse order
   (if the user enters 5 and 7, the computer displays 7 and 5).

    public static void main(String[] args) {
     int a, b;
     Scanner scan = new Scanner(System.in);
     System.out.println("Entrer 2 valeurs entières");
     a = scan.nextInt();
     b = scan.nextInt();

     TODO: FILL THE GAP

     System.out.print("Les voici inversées: ");
     System.out.print(a);
     System.out.print(" ");
     System.out.println(b);
    }

5) Write a program that displays the sum of the two integers entered by the user.

6) Write a program that displays the average of the two numerical values entered by the user.

7) What does the program do (see ex_6.java)? Try it with the values 5 and 7.

8)  Write a program that reverses the order of the values of three integer variables.
    If the variables initially have the values 1, 2, and 3, they should end up with the values 3, 2, and 1.

10) Write a program that performs a cyclic right shift of the values of four variables.
    The effect of such a permutation is as follows: if the four variables initially contain the values 1, 2, 3, 4,
    then after the permutation they should contain the values 4, 1, 2, 3, respectively.

11) Write a program that performs a cyclic left shift of the values of four variables. For example, 1, 2, 3, 4 becomes 2, 3, 4, 1.

12) Write a program that calculates the duration of a given event.
    Your program must receive as input the start time of the event (hours and minutes) and the end time of the event (also hours and minutes).
    The program should then calculate and display the duration (the elapsed time between the start and the end) of the event.
    Assume that both times occur on the same day. Can you express this duration in hours and minutes?

13) Write a program that calculates and displays the sum of four numbers entered by the user. Your program may use only one numeric variable.